# 5 to 15: Children Beyond Academics

AICS has collaborated with the 5to15 group to help with organizing cubing events.



**Event Date:** 28 August 2021, Saturday

**Event Time:** 4:00 PM IST

---

## Competition Structure

### Round 1

Everyone gets one solve each. Top 10 move to the next round, as per the fastest time.

### Round 2

Everyone in this round gets one solve each. Top 5 move to the next round, as per the fastest time.

### Final Round

The finalists get one solve each. The top 3 are declared the winners, as per the fastest time.

---

## Rules and Regulations

### Scrambles

- Scrambles will be put in the Chat.
- Scramble the cube with **Green** center on front and **White** center on top. 

### Using a Timer

| Platform |                            Timer                             |
| :------: | :----------------------------------------------------------: |
| Android  | [Cube timer](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=br.com.mateusfiereck.cubetimer) |
|   iOS    | [ChaoTimer](https://apps.apple.com/in/app/chaotimer-professional-cube-timer/id537516001) |
| Desktop  |           [Speedcube.app](https://speedcube.app/)            |

- Play around with the timer application, and learn how to start and stop it. Prefer to have the mobile applications and only use the desktop timer if there is no option.
  - On phones, just a simple tap should do. 
  - On the website, press and hold the space-bar till the time turns green to start]
- Do a sample test run yourself solving the cube and timing it with the application.

### Inspection and Solving

- If you have a cube cover (a box or maybe a large enough bowl), it is recommended that you use it, although it is not strictly necessary.
  - Once you have scrambled the cube, cover the cube with a box, and show the scramble to the camera, so that the judges can verify.
  - Wait till the judges confirm that the scramble is correct.
- You have **15 seconds** to inspect the cube. You must start the solve within that time. Put the cube down before starting the timer.
- Start the timer, pick the cube and start solving. When the solve is completed, leave the cube from your hands and then stop the timer.
- Show the timer screen to the camera and type your time in the chat.

---

## Prizes

The top 3 winners will receive a **Cubelelo MeiLong 3C 3x3 Elite-M (Magnetic)**, sponsored by [Cubelelo](https://www.cubelelo.com/), India's leading cubestore.

The remaining participants get a **₹200 off coupon** on a minimum purchase of ₹1000.

---

## About AICS

[Indian Institutes of Science Education and Research](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indian_Institutes_of_Science_Education_and_Research), are premier institutes for basic science research and education in India.

The institutes were established by the Government of India through the Ministry of Human Resource Development (MHRD) to provide collegiate education in basic sciences coupled with research at the undergraduate level. 



[AICS (All IISER Cubing Society)](https://all-iiser-cubing-society.github.io/) is a student community to bring together cubers and people interested in cubing from different science institutes in India.